add pytest.ini (#22)
sekulski/p300_detector: README.md

```

Alternatively, you can use a wrapper script or `make` task to automate this if needed.

> Now there is config, so if you run tests from project root catalog it should works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is now in place, so running tests from the project root directory should work.
```

gramma nazi xD
